// the website http://www.pnwx.com/

I think this UI isn't that good looking, but functionality is ok.
    The UI looks very 90s with bright and contrasting colours. 
    That being said, the site is straight to the point and easy to understand. Me as an user will most likely navigate this site with more ease than a bloated site.
    A ton of tables help convey information fast and easy to understand.

    This site:
        Keeping it simple

        Uses common UI elements search top and contact bottom. What you will expect. This website also doesn't have an online shop it is only a catalog as stated in the footer of the site.

        Poor use of colours and textures where this site falls short.

        No SSL so online payments isn't trustworthy and the look also puts me off. Personally as a new user I won't buy from this site.

    Final thoughts.
        Usable and easy to navigate and fast loading. 
        Poor image quality and unappealing colours. Makes me not wanting to stay. 
        No SSL makes it look sketchy 
        Looks like it was made in the 90s and never updated


// https://www.ucook.co.za/

Firstly this is a very good-looking UI, but a bit cluttered.
    Overall this site follows modern trends very well and keeps consistency throughout the site. Just a bit cluttered for my taste, but most modern sites are like that

    This site:

        As said a bit cluttered for my taste, but it is to be expected form a modern day website.

        UI elements are consistent. Except for the shopping part when adding to cart. Amazon has set the standard and when getting a sale you don't want to stray from that and scare people off.
        // https://www.ucook.co.za/wine/creation-viognier-2022 for reference. Add to cart and should be on the right to left. 
        Not a major issue but still not up to standard.

        In point 3 everything is well done and this site does make me want to continue browsing. Same the high quality photos help.

        Communication is also very clear you know where to go and all the information is there for you to see.

    Final thoughts:
        Due to the images and all the dynamically loaded products I can see the load times suffer, but yes this is common for modern sites. Also don't think there is a lazy-load feature, but might be mistaken. 
        Overall a very pleasant e-commerce site and I do feel confident to buy something on it.